hello YouTube so today I'm going to be
doing a tutorial ish about how to solve
the infamous 12-sided megaminx cube well
it's not really cube but whatever so I'm
gonna be teaching you the balance method
I'm not sure if it has a real name but
anyways I'm pretty sure that's what I
used uh it seems to be what he uses um
yeah to know to be able to follow this
tutorial you must learn well you must
know intuitive f2l so how to solve the
first two layers with Crofts and then
the each pairs and stuff if you don't
know that and you still use layer by
layer or something then you'd have to
either learn into two feft well or if I
get enough requests I might make a video
about how to do megaminx with um you
know layer by a hairstyle so I recommend
learning megaminx not only because it's
a fun puzzle but also because since the
megaminx has so many pieces and stuff um
do megaminx can actually help your eft
well look ahead on 3x3 because it really
trains you to look ahead because there's
so many pieces so there are a few
distinct steps in this method so I'm
going to be doing about I think three
parts so the first part is going to be
for f2l because that's the first step of
the method
well cross and F's well and then the
next video is going to be about the next
layers so how we do that in this method
is we create block things here here here
here like this and then we just fill in
the blanks like an f2 well and solve
each pair here until we get to the last
layer and this is going to be the other
part 3 so first off you solve the oil
and two steps and then the PLL in two
steps so now I'm just going to be doing
quick walkthrough solve to give you an
even better idea of what this method is
and if you want to learn from it a bit
about my megaminx solving I averaged
about one minute 15 seconds and my
personal best average of 12 is a lo 113
so approximately 113 27 I think and my
personal best average of five is one oh
nine point ninety six so first you got
to start off with the cross I still have
a bit of trouble with this because you
have to track down all the pieces and
stuff so the way I do it I first find
all the pieces make sure I know where
they are and then just start building on
so now I've got the cross done next step
is the f2l as I said so I'd go filling
in the blanks and creating pairs like
this one
now once you're done the f2l you create
a little block things so you first solve
like an edge here and then you pair up
the other two and then put it into
create like let the block things
so now it's solved a little the block
things here now I'm going to finish in
the pair's here like do Paris and put it
in now we've done all the the pairs that
are left here so now I'm going to do the
ll I don't know this Alex oh I'm going
to look it now once I'm done o ll it's P
ll start with edge permutation and then
corner permutation there you have it so
I'm going to be doing the next parts
very soon and that's about it for the
first video the overview so thanks for
watching